site:domain.tld inurl:redir
site:domain.tld inurl:redirect
site:domain.tld inurl:redirect_to
site:domain.tld inurl:newurl
site:domain.tld inurl:targeturl
site:domain.tld inurl:link
site:domain.tld inurl:ret
site:domain.tld inurl:r2
site:domain.tld inurl:img
site:domain.tld inurl:u
site:domain.tld inurl:return
site:domain.tld inurl:r
site:domain.tld inurl:next
site:domain.tld inurl:redirectBack
site:domain.tld inurl:referer
site:domain.tld inurl:redir
site:domain.tld inurl:l
site:domain.tld inurl:return_url
site:domain.tld inurl:q
site:domain.tld inurl:uri
site:domain.tld inurl:ReturnUrl
site:domain.tld inurl:rb
site:domain.tld inurl:urlact
site:domain.tld inurl:goto
site:domain.tld inurl:successTarget
site:domain.tld inurl:returnURL
site:domain.tld inurl:urlsito
site:domain.tld inurl:cur_url
site:domain.tld inurl:errorUrl
